doc/v3.5.md, before:

FTS 3.5.6 - Thu Oct 06 2016
===========================
## Bug
- [[FTS-748]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-748) - When setting READY, start\_time should be set too
- [[FTS-754]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-754) - Reduce verbosity of SOAP errors
- [[FTS-755]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-755) - Reduce verbosity of set-priority errors on terminal transfers

FTS 3.5.5 - Wed Sep 28 2016
===========================
- [[FTS-742]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-742) - Stop passing pin-lifetime to url-copy

FTS 3.5.4 - Wed Sep 28 2016
===========================
- [[FTS-740]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-740) - Re-introduce bug to allow LHCb transfers to keep going

FTS 3.5.3 - Wed Sep 28 2016
===========================

## Bug
- [[FTS-739]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-739) - fts\_db\_cleaner broken in CC7

FTS 3.5.2 - Tue Sep 06 2016
===========================

## Bug
- [[FTS-681]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-681) - Drop static library fts\_common\_min
- [[FTS-684]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-684) - Do not run sanity checks on startup
- [[FTS-685]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-685) - Race condition on the logger

## New Feature
- [[FTS-703]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-703) - Publish FTS core version via REST

## Improvement
- [[FTS-686]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-686) - Default log level should be INFO
- [[FTS-689]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-689) - On the optimizer, log when we hit the lower range limit
- [[FTS-691]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-691) - Reduce min validity time for a proxy to 1 minute
- [[FTS-704]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-704) - Shuffle queues to avoid starving links
- [[FTS-710]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-710) - Show time in the X axis
- [[FTS-711]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-711) - Take into account the avg. file size for the optimizer decision

FTS 3.5.1 - Tue Aug 16 2016
===========================

## Bug
- [[FTS-469]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-469) - SUBMITTED state should be sent on submission, not later
- [[FTS-518]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-518) - Double check known PIDS (from the DB) when FTS3 starts up
- [[FTS-651]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-651) - Remove schema parsing from REST reference cli
- [[FTS-652]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-652) - CLI: Default to hostcert and hostkey (useful for config)
- [[FTS-656]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-656) - Statistics overview links point to host=undefined
- [[FTS-657]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-657) - Plots are drawn twice on the same canvas
- [[FTS-676]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-676) - Set X509 env variables in url copy

## New Feature
- [[FTS-648]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-648) - Support "Params" on the CLI

## Task
- [[FTS-406]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-406) - fts rest: cancelAll result is "null"
- [[FTS-654]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-654) - Change default SSL cipher-suite
- [[FTS-667]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-667) - Disable GridSite session files
- [[FTS-668]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-668) - Split MySqlAPI.cpp into different files
- [[FTS-669]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-669) - Write logging messages without overlaps
- [[FTS-670]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-670) - Log inconsistencies found
- [[FTS-671]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-671) - Restricted view for server logs in web monitoring
- [[FTS-672]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-672) - Show user-dn and vo in SOAP logs for each submission.

## Improvement
- [[FTS-653]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-653) - CLI: Default to REST when running on fts3 host
- [[FTS-660]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-660) - Allow users to select alternative S3 syntax

 
FTS 3.5.0 - Tue Aug 02 2016
===========================

This upgrade includes a change that requires draining, and another change that requires a database schema upgrade,
although the changes can be done incrementaly.
Please, have a look at the [upgrade to FTS 3.5 guide](https://gitlab.cern.ch/fts/documentation/blob/master/docs/install/upgrades/3.5.md).

## Sub-task
- [[FTS-534]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-534) - "Fixed" view must be adapted to range settings

## Epic
- [[FTS-345]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-345) - FTS3 Code Refactoring

## Bug
- [[FTS-354]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-354) - Do not change state from terminal to terminal
- [[FTS-384]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-384) - Remove CMP0053 warning in cmake
- [[FTS-407]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-407) - Typo: quite instead of quiet as a CLI flag
- [[FTS-413]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-413) - REST response parser fails when frequent\_error is null
- [[FTS-436]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-436) - fdopen may fail & race condition in generateOauthConfigFile
- [[FTS-437]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-437) - fts-transfer-status detailed listing fails with deletion jobs
- [[FTS-438]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-438) - Job metadata not being submitted properly by the CLI to the REST API
- [[FTS-439]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-439) - Strict copy not honored when using REST on the CLI
- [[FTS-440]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-440) - CLI does not list deletion when using REST backend
- [[FTS-461]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-461) - Fix the warning message when using the command fts-config-set with gSOAP
- [[FTS-463]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-463) - SSL\_SERVER\_S\_DN and Credentials.user\_dn provide different formats in Centos7
- [[FTS-482]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-482) - CLI Soap: Check default proxy exists before using it
- [[FTS-483]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-483) - FTS DB schema script fails on Mysql 5.7
- [[FTS-509]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-509) - fts-transfer-submit should accept 0 number of streams
- [[FTS-525]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-525) - Accumulation of defunct fts\_url\_copy
- [[FTS-529]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-529) - set\_metadata segfaults when the metadata is the empty string
- [[FTS-536]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-536) - Optimizer view misses a filter for fixed pairs
- [[FTS-549]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-549) - Canceled transfers are updated to failed 
- [[FTS-551]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-551) - Race condition when transferring to S3
- [[FTS-554]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-554) - Checksum enabled when verify\_checksum=False
- [[FTS-557]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-557) - Remove double check when forking
- [[FTS-564]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-564) - Failed to create pipe between parent/child processes
- [[FTS-577]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-577) - Make fts\_url\_copy capable of running without a proxy
- [[FTS-579]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-579) - Multiple reuse with retries is not setting properly the value of "retry" on the end message
- [[FTS-608]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-608) - "Current job throughput" in the job view should show aggregated throughput
- [[FTS-635]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-635) - Cancel NOT\_USED replicas when a job timeout expires


## New Feature
- [[FTS-308]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-308) - Allow for range settings for the number of actives (Schema change!)
- [[FTS-403]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-403) - Allow to configure logging level
- [[FTS-417]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-417) - Add vo group/role support to cloud credentials
- [[FTS-418]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-418) - Allow to run FTS3 disabling SOAP
- [[FTS-422]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-422) - Allow to configure staging parameters (bulk size, waiting time, concurrent requests)
- [[FTS-428]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-428) - Add support for short-term S3 credentials
- [[FTS-496]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-496) - Rotate f_*_backup
- [[FTS-500]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-500) - SIGKILL rather than SIGUSR1 stalled url copies
- [[FTS-530]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-530) - Database upgrade tool

## Task
- [[FTS-330]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-330) - New optimizer algorithm: 'Prefer-active' (suggested by Saul)
- [[FTS-346]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-346) - Required 646 permissions for /var/lib/fts3 directories
- [[FTS-411]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-411) - Reuse logger between server, monitoring and url-copy
- [[FTS-419]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-419) - Extract coverage information also from functional tests
- [[FTS-444]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-444) - Use dirq instead of custom code to store/retrieve messages on disk
- [[FTS-448]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-448) - Oracle only: Modify type of voms\_cred
- [[FTS-501]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-501) - Remove buffersize and nostreams heuristics from url-copy
- [[FTS-502]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-502) - Refactor fts\_url\_copy
- [[FTS-537]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-537) - Remove Oracle backend
- [[FTS-545]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-545) - Show link to logs only if service is running
- [[FTS-593]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-593) - Merge 3.4.7 fixes into develop
- [[FTS-604]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-604) - Drop client side SOAP code except configuration
- [[FTS-627]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-627) - Remove profiler
- [[FTS-628]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-628) - Remove t\_turl
- [[FTS-632]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-632) - Remove SOAP Python Bindings
- [[FTS-634]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-634) - Bring nagios probles back to live

## Improvement
- [[FTS-357]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-357) - If the proxy is expired, log a more readable error message
- [[FTS-385]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-385) - Remove dependency on is-interface
- [[FTS-395]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-395) - Consolidate log levels
- [[FTS-397]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-397) - Improve unit tests
- [[FTS-399]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-399) - Fix warnings given by Coverity, compiler, SonarQube
- [[FTS-400]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-400) - Allow to configure running user and group
- [[FTS-416]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-416) - Increase size of cloudStorage\_name
- [[FTS-420]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-420) - Allow to configure messaging spool directory
- [[FTS-421]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-421) - Allow to configure the location of the configuration file for the messaging
- [[FTS-425]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-425) - Use exit to finish, ordered destruction of resources
- [[FTS-434]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-434) - Add to SLS the DB situation
- [[FTS-464]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-464) - Use boost 1.48 available in EPEL
- [[FTS-504]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-504) - Logger should not redirect stdout
- [[FTS-506]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-506) - Register on the optimizer actual number of actives (Schema change!)
- [[FTS-523]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-523) - Optimizer-Stream: Show message if stream optimizing is disabled
- [[FTS-531]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-531) - Improve calculation of throughput in the overview
- [[FTS-532]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-532) - Mark activities that will fallback to default
- [[FTS-580]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-580) - Increase number of actives when good efficiency and throughput not changes during 5 min.
- [[FTS-581]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-581) - Indicate a meaningful throughput for the optimizer in the monitoring.
- [[FTS-606]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-606) - In the optimizer view, change 'throughput' column for something more descriptive
- [[FTS-611]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-611) - Optimizer: Remove redundant limit check
- [[FTS-613]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-613) - Change optimizer calculation of throughput
- [[FTS-614]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-614) - Improve visualization of throughput and ema
- [[FTS-622]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-622) - Publish if IPv6 was used or not
- [[FTS-630]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-630) - 3.5 should be able to run with the old database schema

Commit message:

FTS-757: Do not account for old retries

doc/v3.5.md, after:

FTS 3.5.6 - Thu Oct 06 2016
===========================
## Bug
- [[FTS-748]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-748) - When setting READY, start\_time should be set too
- [[FTS-754]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-754) - Reduce verbosity of SOAP errors
- [[FTS-755]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-755) - Reduce verbosity of set-priority errors on terminal transfers
- [[FTS-757]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-757) - Retries should not be accounted for when they are old

FTS 3.5.5 - Wed Sep 28 2016
===========================
- [[FTS-742]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-742) - Stop passing pin-lifetime to url-copy

FTS 3.5.4 - Wed Sep 28 2016
===========================
- [[FTS-740]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-740) - Re-introduce bug to allow LHCb transfers to keep going

FTS 3.5.3 - Wed Sep 28 2016
===========================

## Bug
- [[FTS-739]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-739) - fts\_db\_cleaner broken in CC7

FTS 3.5.2 - Tue Sep 06 2016
===========================

## Bug
- [[FTS-681]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-681) - Drop static library fts\_common\_min
- [[FTS-684]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-684) - Do not run sanity checks on startup
- [[FTS-685]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-685) - Race condition on the logger

## New Feature
- [[FTS-703]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-703) - Publish FTS core version via REST

## Improvement
- [[FTS-686]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-686) - Default log level should be INFO
- [[FTS-689]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-689) - On the optimizer, log when we hit the lower range limit
- [[FTS-691]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-691) - Reduce min validity time for a proxy to 1 minute
- [[FTS-704]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-704) - Shuffle queues to avoid starving links
- [[FTS-710]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-710) - Show time in the X axis
- [[FTS-711]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-711) - Take into account the avg. file size for the optimizer decision

FTS 3.5.1 - Tue Aug 16 2016
===========================

## Bug
- [[FTS-469]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-469) - SUBMITTED state should be sent on submission, not later
- [[FTS-518]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-518) - Double check known PIDS (from the DB) when FTS3 starts up
- [[FTS-651]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-651) - Remove schema parsing from REST reference cli
- [[FTS-652]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-652) - CLI: Default to hostcert and hostkey (useful for config)
- [[FTS-656]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-656) - Statistics overview links point to host=undefined
- [[FTS-657]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-657) - Plots are drawn twice on the same canvas
- [[FTS-676]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-676) - Set X509 env variables in url copy

## New Feature
- [[FTS-648]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-648) - Support "Params" on the CLI

## Task
- [[FTS-406]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-406) - fts rest: cancelAll result is "null"
- [[FTS-654]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-654) - Change default SSL cipher-suite
- [[FTS-667]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-667) - Disable GridSite session files
- [[FTS-668]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-668) - Split MySqlAPI.cpp into different files
- [[FTS-669]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-669) - Write logging messages without overlaps
- [[FTS-670]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-670) - Log inconsistencies found
- [[FTS-671]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-671) - Restricted view for server logs in web monitoring
- [[FTS-672]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-672) - Show user-dn and vo in SOAP logs for each submission.

## Improvement
- [[FTS-653]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-653) - CLI: Default to REST when running on fts3 host
- [[FTS-660]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-660) - Allow users to select alternative S3 syntax

 
FTS 3.5.0 - Tue Aug 02 2016
===========================

This upgrade includes a change that requires draining, and another change that requires a database schema upgrade,
although the changes can be done incrementaly.
Please, have a look at the [upgrade to FTS 3.5 guide](https://gitlab.cern.ch/fts/documentation/blob/master/docs/install/upgrades/3.5.md).

## Sub-task
- [[FTS-534]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-534) - "Fixed" view must be adapted to range settings

## Epic
- [[FTS-345]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-345) - FTS3 Code Refactoring

## Bug
- [[FTS-354]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-354) - Do not change state from terminal to terminal
- [[FTS-384]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-384) - Remove CMP0053 warning in cmake
- [[FTS-407]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-407) - Typo: quite instead of quiet as a CLI flag
- [[FTS-413]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-413) - REST response parser fails when frequent\_error is null
- [[FTS-436]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-436) - fdopen may fail & race condition in generateOauthConfigFile
- [[FTS-437]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-437) - fts-transfer-status detailed listing fails with deletion jobs
- [[FTS-438]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-438) - Job metadata not being submitted properly by the CLI to the REST API
- [[FTS-439]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-439) - Strict copy not honored when using REST on the CLI
- [[FTS-440]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-440) - CLI does not list deletion when using REST backend
- [[FTS-461]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-461) - Fix the warning message when using the command fts-config-set with gSOAP
- [[FTS-463]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-463) - SSL\_SERVER\_S\_DN and Credentials.user\_dn provide different formats in Centos7
- [[FTS-482]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-482) - CLI Soap: Check default proxy exists before using it
- [[FTS-483]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-483) - FTS DB schema script fails on Mysql 5.7
- [[FTS-509]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-509) - fts-transfer-submit should accept 0 number of streams
- [[FTS-525]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-525) - Accumulation of defunct fts\_url\_copy
- [[FTS-529]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-529) - set\_metadata segfaults when the metadata is the empty string
- [[FTS-536]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-536) - Optimizer view misses a filter for fixed pairs
- [[FTS-549]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-549) - Canceled transfers are updated to failed 
- [[FTS-551]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-551) - Race condition when transferring to S3
- [[FTS-554]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-554) - Checksum enabled when verify\_checksum=False
- [[FTS-557]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-557) - Remove double check when forking
- [[FTS-564]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-564) - Failed to create pipe between parent/child processes
- [[FTS-577]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-577) - Make fts\_url\_copy capable of running without a proxy
- [[FTS-579]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-579) - Multiple reuse with retries is not setting properly the value of "retry" on the end message
- [[FTS-608]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-608) - "Current job throughput" in the job view should show aggregated throughput
- [[FTS-635]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-635) - Cancel NOT\_USED replicas when a job timeout expires


## New Feature
- [[FTS-308]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-308) - Allow for range settings for the number of actives (Schema change!)
- [[FTS-403]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-403) - Allow to configure logging level
- [[FTS-417]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-417) - Add vo group/role support to cloud credentials
- [[FTS-418]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-418) - Allow to run FTS3 disabling SOAP
- [[FTS-422]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-422) - Allow to configure staging parameters (bulk size, waiting time, concurrent requests)
- [[FTS-428]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-428) - Add support for short-term S3 credentials
- [[FTS-496]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-496) - Rotate f_*_backup
- [[FTS-500]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-500) - SIGKILL rather than SIGUSR1 stalled url copies
- [[FTS-530]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-530) - Database upgrade tool

## Task
- [[FTS-330]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-330) - New optimizer algorithm: 'Prefer-active' (suggested by Saul)
- [[FTS-346]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-346) - Required 646 permissions for /var/lib/fts3 directories
- [[FTS-411]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-411) - Reuse logger between server, monitoring and url-copy
- [[FTS-419]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-419) - Extract coverage information also from functional tests
- [[FTS-444]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-444) - Use dirq instead of custom code to store/retrieve messages on disk
- [[FTS-448]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-448) - Oracle only: Modify type of voms\_cred
- [[FTS-501]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-501) - Remove buffersize and nostreams heuristics from url-copy
- [[FTS-502]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-502) - Refactor fts\_url\_copy
- [[FTS-537]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-537) - Remove Oracle backend
- [[FTS-545]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-545) - Show link to logs only if service is running
- [[FTS-593]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-593) - Merge 3.4.7 fixes into develop
- [[FTS-604]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-604) - Drop client side SOAP code except configuration
- [[FTS-627]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-627) - Remove profiler
- [[FTS-628]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-628) - Remove t\_turl
- [[FTS-632]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-632) - Remove SOAP Python Bindings
- [[FTS-634]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-634) - Bring nagios probles back to live

## Improvement
- [[FTS-357]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-357) - If the proxy is expired, log a more readable error message
- [[FTS-385]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-385) - Remove dependency on is-interface
- [[FTS-395]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-395) - Consolidate log levels
- [[FTS-397]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-397) - Improve unit tests
- [[FTS-399]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-399) - Fix warnings given by Coverity, compiler, SonarQube
- [[FTS-400]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-400) - Allow to configure running user and group
- [[FTS-416]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-416) - Increase size of cloudStorage\_name
- [[FTS-420]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-420) - Allow to configure messaging spool directory
- [[FTS-421]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-421) - Allow to configure the location of the configuration file for the messaging
- [[FTS-425]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-425) - Use exit to finish, ordered destruction of resources
- [[FTS-434]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-434) - Add to SLS the DB situation
- [[FTS-464]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-464) - Use boost 1.48 available in EPEL
- [[FTS-504]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-504) - Logger should not redirect stdout
- [[FTS-506]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-506) - Register on the optimizer actual number of actives (Schema change!)
- [[FTS-523]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-523) - Optimizer-Stream: Show message if stream optimizing is disabled
- [[FTS-531]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-531) - Improve calculation of throughput in the overview
- [[FTS-532]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-532) - Mark activities that will fallback to default
- [[FTS-580]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-580) - Increase number of actives when good efficiency and throughput not changes during 5 min.
- [[FTS-581]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-581) - Indicate a meaningful throughput for the optimizer in the monitoring.
- [[FTS-606]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-606) - In the optimizer view, change 'throughput' column for something more descriptive
- [[FTS-611]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-611) - Optimizer: Remove redundant limit check
- [[FTS-613]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-613) - Change optimizer calculation of throughput
- [[FTS-614]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-614) - Improve visualization of throughput and ema
- [[FTS-622]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-622) - Publish if IPv6 was used or not
- [[FTS-630]](https://its.cern.ch/jira/browse/FTS-630) - 3.5 should be able to run with the old database schema
