.TH "transfer__TransferJobSummary" 3 "Wed Feb 8 2012" "Version 0.0.0" "EMI File Transfer Service (FTS 3)" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
transfer__TransferJobSummary \- 
.PP
'http://transfer.data.glite.org':TransferJobSummary is a complexType.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <fts3-transfer-submit.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary2\fP, and \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary2\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsoap_type\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsoap_default\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsoap_serialize\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsoap_put\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *, const char *, const char *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsoap_out\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *, const char *, int, const char *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void * \fBsoap_get\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *, const char *, const char *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void * \fBsoap_in\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *, const char *, const char *)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtransfer__JobStatus\fP * \fBjobStatus\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement jobStatus of type 'http://transfer.data.glite.org':JobStatus. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumDone\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numDone of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumActive\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numActive of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumPending\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numPending of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumCanceled\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numCanceled of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumCanceling\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numCanceling of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumFailed\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numFailed of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumFinished\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numFinished of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumSubmitted\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numSubmitted of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumHold\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numHold of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumWaiting\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numWaiting of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumCatalogFailed\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numCatalogFailed of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumRestarted\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numRestarted of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsoap\fP * \fBsoap\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA handle to the soap struct that manages this instance (automatically set) \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
'http://transfer.data.glite.org':TransferJobSummary is a complexType. 
.PP
Definition at line 286 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBtransfer__JobStatus\fP * \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary::jobStatus\fP"
.PP
Element jobStatus of type 'http://transfer.data.glite.org':JobStatus. Nullable pointer. 
.PP
Definition at line 289 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary::numActive\fP"
.PP
Element numActive of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 293 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary::numCanceled\fP"
.PP
Element numCanceled of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 297 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary::numCanceling\fP"
.PP
Element numCanceling of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 299 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary::numCatalogFailed\fP"
.PP
Element numCatalogFailed of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 311 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary::numDone\fP"
.PP
Element numDone of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 291 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary::numFailed\fP"
.PP
Element numFailed of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 301 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary::numFinished\fP"
.PP
Element numFinished of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 303 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary::numHold\fP"
.PP
Element numHold of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 307 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary::numPending\fP"
.PP
Element numPending of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 295 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary::numRestarted\fP"
.PP
Element numRestarted of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 313 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary::numSubmitted\fP"
.PP
Element numSubmitted of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 305 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary::numWaiting\fP"
.PP
Element numWaiting of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 309 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EMI File Transfer Service (FTS 3) from the source code.
