.TH "transfer__JobStatus" 3 "Wed Feb 8 2012" "Version 0.0.0" "EMI File Transfer Service (FTS 3)" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
transfer__JobStatus \- 
.PP
'http://transfer.data.glite.org':JobStatus is a complexType.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <fts3-transfer-submit.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsoap_type\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsoap_default\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsoap_serialize\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsoap_put\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *, const char *, const char *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsoap_out\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *, const char *, int, const char *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void * \fBsoap_get\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *, const char *, const char *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void * \fBsoap_in\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *, const char *, const char *)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string * \fBjobID\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement jobID of type xs:string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string * \fBjobStatus\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement jobStatus of type xs:string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string * \fBclientDN\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement clientDN of type xs:string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string * \fBreason\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement reason of type xs:string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string * \fBvoName\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement voName of type xs:string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "LONG64 \fBsubmitTime\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement submitTime of type xs:long. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumFiles\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numFiles of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpriority\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement priority of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBsoap\fP * \fBsoap\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA handle to the soap struct that manages this instance (automatically set) \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
'http://transfer.data.glite.org':JobStatus is a complexType. 
.PP
Definition at line 240 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::string * \fBtransfer__JobStatus::clientDN\fP"
.PP
Element clientDN of type xs:string. Nullable pointer. 
.PP
Definition at line 247 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "std::string * \fBtransfer__JobStatus::jobID\fP"
.PP
Element jobID of type xs:string. Nullable pointer. 
.PP
Definition at line 243 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "std::string * \fBtransfer__JobStatus::jobStatus\fP"
.PP
Element jobStatus of type xs:string. Nullable pointer. 
.PP
Definition at line 245 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__JobStatus::numFiles\fP"
.PP
Element numFiles of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 255 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__JobStatus::priority\fP"
.PP
Element priority of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 257 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "std::string * \fBtransfer__JobStatus::reason\fP"
.PP
Element reason of type xs:string. Nullable pointer. 
.PP
Definition at line 249 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "LONG64 \fBtransfer__JobStatus::submitTime\fP"
.PP
Element submitTime of type xs:long. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 253 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "std::string * \fBtransfer__JobStatus::voName\fP"
.PP
Element voName of type xs:string. Nullable pointer. 
.PP
Definition at line 251 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EMI File Transfer Service (FTS 3) from the source code.
