.TH "transfer__TransferJobSummary2" 3 "Wed Feb 8 2012" "Version 0.0.0" "EMI File Transfer Service (FTS 3)" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
transfer__TransferJobSummary2 \- 
.PP
'http://transfer.data.glite.org':TransferJobSummary2 is a complexType with complexContent extension of 'http://transfer.data.glite.org':TransferJobSummary.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <fts3-transfer-submit.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary\fP, and \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsoap_type\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsoap_default\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsoap_serialize\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsoap_put\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *, const char *, const char *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBsoap_out\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *, const char *, int, const char *) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void * \fBsoap_get\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *, const char *, const char *)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void * \fBsoap_in\fP (struct \fBsoap\fP *, const char *, const char *)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumReady\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numReady of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumFinishing\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numFinishing of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumAwaitingPrestage\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numAwaitingPrestage of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumPrestaging\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numPrestaging of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumWaitingCatalogRegistration\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numWaitingCatalogRegistration of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumWaitingCatalogResolution\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numWaitingCatalogResolution of type xs:int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumWaitingPrestage\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIElement numWaitingPrestage of type xs:int. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
'http://transfer.data.glite.org':TransferJobSummary2 is a complexType with complexContent extension of 'http://transfer.data.glite.org':TransferJobSummary. 
.PP
Definition at line 453 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary2::numAwaitingPrestage\fP"
.PP
Element numAwaitingPrestage of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 488 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary2::numFinishing\fP"
.PP
Element numFinishing of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 486 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary2::numPrestaging\fP"
.PP
Element numPrestaging of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 490 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary2::numReady\fP"
.PP
Element numReady of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 484 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary2::numWaitingCatalogRegistration\fP"
.PP
Element numWaitingCatalogRegistration of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 492 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary2::numWaitingCatalogResolution\fP"
.PP
Element numWaitingCatalogResolution of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 494 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.
.SS "int \fBtransfer__TransferJobSummary2::numWaitingPrestage\fP"
.PP
Element numWaitingPrestage of type xs:int. Required element. 
.PP
Definition at line 496 of file fts3-transfer-submit.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for EMI File Transfer Service (FTS 3) from the source code.
