.\" Manpage for fts-transfer-submit.
.\" Contact michal.simon@cern.ch to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "09 July 2012" "1.0" "fts-transfer-submit man page"
.SH NAME
fts-transfer-submit
.SH SYNOPSIS
fts-transfer-submit [options] SOURCE DEST [CHECKSUM]
.SH DESCRIPTION
fts-transfer-submit is a tool for submitting transfer-jobs using the GRID File Transfer Service 3. The user has to specify the source and destination, optionally the checksum may be specified (Algorithm:Value) 
.SH OPTIONS
  -h [ --help ]         Print this help text and exit.
  -q [ --quite ]        Quiet operation.
  -v [ --verbose ]      Be more verbose.
  -s [ --service ] arg  Use the transfer service at the specified URL.
  -V [ --version ]      Print the version number and exit.
  -j [ --json ]         The output should be printed in JSON format

  --source arg                             Specify source site name.
  --destination arg                        Specify destination site name.
  --rest                                   Use the RESTful interface.
  --capath arg                             Path to the GRID security 
                                           certificates (e.g. 
                                           /etc/grid-security/certificates).
  --proxy arg                              Path to the proxy certificate (e.g. 
                                           /tmp/x509up_u500).
  -I [ --id ] arg                          Delegation with ID as the delegation
                                           identifier.
  -e [ --expire ] arg                      Expiration time of the delegation in
                                           minutes.
  -b [ --blocking ]                        Blocking mode, wait until the 
                                           operation completes.
  -f [ --file ] arg                        Name of a the bulk submission file.
  -g [ --gparam ] arg                      Gridftp parameters.
  -i [ --interval ] arg                    Interval between two poll operations
                                           in blocking mode.
  -o [ --overwrite ]                       Overwrite files.
  -t [ --dest-token ] arg                  The destination space token or its 
                                           description (for SRM 2.2 transfers).
  -S [ --source-token ] arg                The source space token or its 
                                           description (for SRM 2.2 transfers).
  -K [ --compare-checksum ]                Compare checksums between source and
                                           destination.
  --copy-pin-lifetime [=arg(=28800)] (=-1) Pin lifetime of the copy of the file
                                           (seconds), if the argument is not 
                                           specified a default value of 28800 
                                           seconds (8 hours) is used.
  --bring-online [=arg(=28800)] (=-1)      Bring online timeout expressed in 
                                           seconds, if the argument is not 
                                           specified a default value of 28800 
                                           seconds (8 hours) is used.
  -r [ --reuse ]                           enable session reuse for the 
                                           transfer job
  -m [ --multi-hop ]                       enable multi-hopping
  --job-metadata arg                       transfer-job metadata
  --file-metadata arg                      file metadata
  --file-size arg                          file size (in Bytes)
  --json-submission                        The bulk submission file will be 
                                           expected in JSON format
  --retry arg                              Number of retries. If 0, the server 
                                           default will be used. If negative, 
                                           there will be no retries.
  --retry-delay arg (=0)                   Retry delay in seconds
  --nostreams arg                          number of streams that will be used 
                                           for the given transfer-job
  --timeout arg                            timeout (expressed in seconds) that 
                                           will be used for the given job
  --buff-size arg                          buffer size (expressed in bytes) 
                                           that will be used for the given 
                                           transfer-job
.SH SEE ALSO
http://fts3-service.web.cern.ch/
