.\" Manpage for fts-config-set.
.\" Contact michal.simon@cern.ch to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 "09 July 2012" "1.0" "fts-config-set man page"
.SH NAME
fts-config-set
.SH SYNOPSIS
fts-config-set [options] CONFIG [CONFIG...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
fts-config-set is a tool for configuring SEs (storage elements) and SE groups. Each configuration is in JSON format (see details at https://svnweb.cern.ch/trac/fts3/wiki/AdminGuide)
.SH OPTIONS
  -h [ --help ]         Print this help text and exit.
  -q [ --quite ]        Quiet operation.
  -v [ --verbose ]      Be more verbose.
  -s [ --service ] arg  Use the transfer service at the specified URL.
  -V [ --version ]      Print the version number and exit.

  --bring-online             If this switch is used the user should provide 
                             SE_NAME VALUE pairs in order to set the maximum 
                             number of files that are staged concurrently for a
                             given SE.
                             (Example: --bring-online $SE_NAME $VALUE ...)
  --drain arg                If set to 'on' drains the given endpoint.
                             (Example: --drain on|off)
  --retry arg                Sets the number of retries of each individual file
                             transfer (the value should be greater or equal to 
                             -1).
                             (Example: --retry $NB_RETRY)
  --optimizer-mode arg       Sets the optimizer mode (allowed values: 1, 2 or 
                             3)
                             (Example: --optimizer-mode 1|2|3)
  --queue-timeout arg        Sets the maximum time (in hours) transfer job is 
                             allowed to be in the queue (the value should be 
                             greater or equal to 0).
                             (Example: --queue-timeout $TIMEOUT)
  --source arg               The source SE
                             (Example: --source $SE_NAME)
  --destination arg          The destination SE
                             (Example: --destination $SE_NAME)
  --max-bandwidth arg        The maximum bandwidth that can be used (in MB/s) 
                             for the given source or destination (see --source 
                             & --destination)
                             (Example: --max-bandwidth $LIMIT)
  --protocol arg             Set protocol (UDT) for given SE
                             (Example: --protocol udt $SE_NAME on|off)
  --max-se-source-active arg Maximum number of active transfers for given 
                             source SE (-1 means no limit)
                             (Example: --max-se-source-active $NB_ACT $SE_NAME)
  --max-se-dest-active arg   Maximum number of active transfers for given 
                             destination SE (-1 means no limit)
                             (Example: --max-se-dest-active $NB_ACT $SE_NAME)
  --global-timeout arg       Global transfer timeout
                             (Example: --global-timeout $TIMEOUT)
  --max-per-link arg         Global limit per link
                             (Example: --max-per-link $MAXACTIVE)
  --max-per-se arg           Global active limit per storage element
                             (Example: --max-per-se $MAXACTIVE)
  --sec-per-mb arg           number of seconds per MB
                             (Example: --sec-per-mb $SEC_PER_MB)

.SH SEE ALSO
http://fts3-service.web.cern.ch/
